General Rules

Do not minge.
Do not RDM. (Random Deathmatch)
Do not CDM/VDM. (Car / Vehicle Deathmatch)
Do not break NLR. (Wait 5 minutes before returning to your old body/death/base and you must forget your past life)
Do not door spam, key-lock spam or lock/buy doors while being raided.
Don't spam chat, OOC, advert, PM.. etc
Do not body block. (Stand in the way so someone can?t move.)
Do not RDA (Random Arrest)
Do not metagame. (Only know what your IG character would know.)
Do not impersonate staff and users.
Do not self-supply (Don't buy weapons for yourself.)
Do not scam players, money, dupes or anything else.
Do not mic spam.
Do not make admin reports about things related to rp  - this is classed as wasting their time.
Do not go against admins. If you think they're abusing report it on the forums.
Do not ask for staff, apply on the forums.
Do not spam admin chat (staff will be with you asap)
Do not prop-climb/prop-push.
Do not build roof bases.
Do not block any dealer/npc.
If you die, you must not tell others around you what is around the base. You're dead.
Only English is allowed on our server.
Do not do anything to harm the server or otherwise exploit it.
Respect all players equally without discriminating.
Do not purposefully annoy anyone.
Do not prop surf, kill, block, spam or push.
Do not use scripts to aid bunny hopping.
Do not break FearRP. When under a life-threatening situation, you must value your life. e.g - don't pull out a weapon or handcuffs if someone is holding you under gunpoint.
Racism is allowed in character to an extent. If we feel it's getting out of hand, you must stop.
Racism out of character is prohibited.
Do not disconnect/suicide/change jobs to avoid an RP situation.
Do not argue or CAPITALISE all your text in OOC.
Use your common sense.
No disrespectful or racist names and profile pictures.
Baiting is not allowed. (Baiting to break a rule.)
Do not promote your political or religious views (building swastikas or other religious symbols.)
Feel free to express your anger, as long as it doesn't get out of hand. If it does not seem reasonable, you will be warned for disrespect.
Reselling in-game items for real money is not allowed and will result in a permanent ban. e.g - selling ingame money for real money. However trading items is allowed. e.g - $1million for VIP.
"God checking" staff members is considered RDM if it's in a sit.


Adverts

Do not use multi-adverts.
You must advert before doing these actions:

Raiding
Mugging
Kidnapping
Carjacking/hacking
Bank Raids
PD Raids
Countering
Hits (hit accepted/complete)
Terror
KKK Sacrifice/Killing
Warns



Roleplay Rules

Intentionally ramming/destroying vehicles is considered FailRP. You must have a valid reason to destroy a vehicle. You cannot do it for revenge.
You cannot destroy a police vehicle for giving you a "false ticket". If it's false, call an admin.
Make sure you read your job description before becoming a job.
Using anything but the colour tool on your vehicle is strictly forbidden and will result in a warn.
Do not place revenge hits (placing hits on someone because they've killed you)



Building rules


Do not have crouch bases.
Do not build during raids.
You cannot build on the top of roofs.
Do not abuse fading doors - e.g using keyboard buttons to open doors during a raid.
Only block off areas of the map when you have 4 people in your base or more, you can only block off a maximum of one district.
Do not build in spawn.
Do not build laggy bases.
You must not place random textscreens on people's building / area.
Do not build skybases, even if connected to a building.
You must not use one-way props.
Keypads must have a minimum 5 seconds hold length and must be clearly visible to players.
Do not build on the street - only hobos can.
Toll gates are not allowed (having to pay to go through a certain area.)
Do not build inside bases you don't own.
You must be able to get in and out of your base without removing props.
Fading door limit is 3 for an entrance but 5 for a base/group (printer fading doors do not count.)
KOS signs must be clearly displayed at the front of your base.
You must own all doors to a base to officially own the building.
Do not have a KOS sign when you have a building sign one or the other.
If you have a building sign, you must not roleplay.
Do not go inside someone's base while they are building. They are out of RP.


Advert Rules

You can only raid as jobs that are classed as bad people.
Do not random kidnap, just to be a minge.
Cooldown for kidnaps is 5 minutes and 15 on the same player
Cooldown for mugging is 3 minutes and 15 on the same player
Cooldown for raiding is 10 minutes and 20 minutes for the same player/group.
You cannot raid a hobo.
You cannot mug a hobo.
The max ransom of money you can ask for during a kidnap is 15k.
You can only keep someone in a kidnap for a maximum of 10 minutes.
The max amount of money you can ask for during a mug is 10k.
Don't raid someone with a building sign.
Raids can only last a maximum of 10 minutes.
You cannot return to your base if you've died during a raid.
You may go back to your base if the people that raided you adverted raid over.
Terrorists may advert Terror and kill anyone in the space of 1 minute. This has a 15 minute cooldown.


Job Specific Rules

Citizen:
You may not be involved in or do any illegal activity.
Your only source of income should be your pay day.
You may not have any weapons, except the ones purchased from the store.

KKK Member:
You must advert "KKK Sacrifice" before killing anyone who is black, this can occur once every 15 minutes.
You are allowed to mug and kidnap.
You are not allowed to raid.

Hitman / Pro Hitman:
You may only raid if you know your target is in the building.
You cannot get help from anyone else.
You must not mug anyone.
You're not allowed to accept hits from the government.
You must only accept a hit if a player has given you a valid roleplay reason to kill someone.
You cannot base.

Government:
You must not randomly warrant. There must be sufficient evidence of the player doing something illegal in order to warrant.
You cannot shoot a car for evading arrest. You must make an attempt to stop it.
You can only build inside PD as a mayor or if you have the mayor's permission.

Mayor:
You are only allowed to own a pistol and weapons purchased from the store.
